Add description of redundant connect-equations. (#3373)
modelica/ModelicaSpecification: chapters/connectors.tex

\subsection{Generation of Connection Graph Equations}\label{generation-of-connection-graph-equations}

Before connection equations are generated, the virtual connection graph is transformed into a set of spanning trees by removing optional spanning tree edges from the graph.

> Before that processing any redundant breakable branches are removed in each connection set:

Reviewer: Can the before-the-before be avoided by putting this paragraph above the previous one?

For example, starting with something like:
```suggestion
As a preparation of generating connection graph equations, any redundant breakable branches are removed in each connection set:
```

\begin{enumerate}
\item
  This is done by building a spanning tree within each connection set.
\item

>   Breakable branches that are not part of any such spanning tree are redundant and removed.

Reviewer: The _any such spanning tree_ sounds confusing to me.  Isn't it enough to only use the spanning tree built under the item above?
```suggestion
  Breakable branches that are not part of the spanning tree are redundant and removed.
  (The exact set of branches that are considered redundant is not defined, as it depends on the choice of spanning tree.)
```

Author: It depends on whether one considers all of the connection sets, or only one of them.
But I agree that focusing on one connection set makes it clearer.

\subsection{Generation of Connection Graph Equations}\label{generation-of-connection-graph-equations}

Before connection equations are generated, the virtual connection graph is transformed into a set of spanning trees by removing optional spanning tree edges from the graph.

As a preparation of generating connection graph equations, any redundant breakable branches are removed in each connection set:
\begin{enumerate}
\item

>   Build a spanning tree for the connection set.

Reviewer: I guess this is the part that https://github.com/modelica/ModelicaSpecification/issues/3370#issuecomment-1545525843 suggests to change?

Author: Yes, those extra spanning trees and removed redundant connections correspond to the suggestion in that comment.

Reviewer: In that case, aren't we missing that this should be a spanning tree of breakable branches only?

Reviewer: I think there's too much risk of ambiguity to leave the detail out, in the current context where we also have other types of edges connecting the connection set vertices.
```suggestion
  Build a spanning tree for the connection set, using only breakable branches.
  (By the connection set definition, a spanning tree always exists.)
```

\item
  For every optional spanning-tree edge (i.e., a \lstinline!connect(A, B)! equation), in one of the spanning trees, the connection equations are generated according to \cref{generation-of-connection-equations}.
\item
  For every optional non-redundant spanning-tree edge not in any of the spanning trees, the connection equations are generated according to \cref{generation-of-connection-equations}, except for overdetermined type or record instances \lstinline!R!.
  Here the equations \lstinline!0 = R.equalityConstraint(A.R, B.R)! are generated instead of \lstinline!A.R = B.R!.
\item

>   For every redundant and removed spanning-tree edge (i.e., a \lstinline!connect(A, B)! equation), not in any of the spanning trees, the connection equations for flow-elements are generated according to \cref{generation-of-connection-equations}.

Reviewer 2: This section applies only to connections of overconstrained types and according to 9.4.1:
> An overdetermined type or record may neither have flow components nor may be used as a type of flow components.

There should be no separate rule for flow elements. Or is it one of those things where some tools support overconstrained flow variables? Then we also need to update 9.4.1.

Author: This made me realize that part of the problem is that the previous text was somewhat confusing. It was discussing connect-equations as though they were breakable branches, even though it is only the overdetermined components in them that generate breakable branches.

I thus first tried to fix that, and then add this correction on top.
